README.md: suggested changes (#3)
Emrion/uploaders: README.md

# uploaders

> `loaders-update` is a proof of concept, a [sh(1)](https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=sh&sektion=1&manpath=freebsd-release) script for attention to: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`loaders-update` is a tool, a [sh(1)](https://man.freebsd.org/cgi/man.cgi?query=sh&sektion=1&manpath=freebsd-release) script for attention to: 
```

- the copy of the FreeBSD boot loader on an [EFI system partition](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/EFI_system_partition) (ESP)
- FreeBSD bootcode, where an ESP is either not present or unused.

The script can help to update these things.

Some people feel that automation is not possible, or not desirable.
Too complex, they say … so, I wrote this script.

### FreeBSD Project changes to the loader

Sometimes, these changes relate to changes to ZFS.

> Somtimes not. An outdated loader might be problematic _without_ changes to ZFS; _without_ an upgrade to a ZFS pool; or with _UFS_ on root. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes not. An outdated loader might be problematic _without_ changes to ZFS; _without_ an upgrade to a ZFS pool; or with _UFS_ on root. 
```
